Add ability to exclude sample results to be sent as logs based on response code regex (#48)
DataDog/jmeter-datadog-backend-listener: README.md

|logsBatchSize|false|500|Logs are submitted in batches of size `logsBatchSize` as soon as this size is reached.|
|sendResultsAsLogs|false|false|By default only metrics are reported to Datadog. To report individual test results as log events, set this field to `true`.|
|includeSubresults|false|false|A subresult is for instance when an individual HTTP request has to follow redirects. By default subresults are ignored.|

> |excludeLogsResponseCodeRegex|false|`""`| By default if send test results as log events enabled, then all logs are reported to Datadog. To exclude based on response code of sample result, set regex here. i.e. `[123][0-5][0-9]` to send only errors|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|excludeLogsResponseCodeRegex|false|`""`| Setting `sendResultsAsLogs` will submit all results as logs to Datadog by default. This option lets you exclude results whose response code matches a given regex. For example, you may set this option to `[123][0-5][0-9]` to only submit errors.|
```
